Improve gui and raisd setup files and readme (#133)
VladNegara/RAiSD-AI-GUI: README.md

RAiSD versions 2.7-3.1 required the [GNU Scientific Library (GSL)](https://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/) to calculate μ values based on interpolation in grid-based scans. This is no longer required, as RAiSD-AI contains a native grid-based implementation that is used with both the μ statistic and the CNN.  
Information on how to compile and run legacy RAiSD code (e.g., v3.1) can be found [here](https://github.com/pephco/RAiSD?tab=readme-ov-file#download-and-compile).

### Installing the GUI

RAiSD-AI includes an optional graphical user interface (GUI).

> Use the provided `setup-gui.sh` script to install the  dependencies of the gui. To see all options use the help menu (`./setup-gui.sh -h`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the provided `setup-gui.sh` script to install the dependencies of the GUI. To see all options, use the help option: `./setup-gui.sh -h`.
```

Adding this to the suggestion breaks the GitHub comment, but maybe add `./setup-gui.sh` in a code block between the two sentences to make it as clear as possible to the user what they need to type in the terminal. The `./setup-gui.sh -h` could then also be brought down to its own line in a code block for consistency.
